Prepare version 0.2.2 release (#88)
greenelab/manubot: release-notes/v0.2.2.md

manubot version 0.2.2 release notes
===================================

Manubot version 0.2.2 contains citation and web request enhancements.

New features
------------

This release adds citation support for two additional types of identifiers (`isbn` and `wikidata`).

ISBNs are the primary persistent identifier for many books, so many books no longer need to be cited by URL (see [GH79](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/pull/79) and [GH14](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/issues/14)).

> However, ISBN metadata is sometimes missing or erroneous, so users may need to still need to set manual CSL JSON, but Manubot can at least produce a reasonable starting template.

Reviewer: This is a long sentence.  How about:
```suggestion
However, ISBN metadata is sometimes missing or erroneous.
Users may need to still need to set manual CSL JSON, but Manubot can at least produce a reasonable starting template.
```

Try for example `manubot cite isbn:9780062316097`.

[Wikidata](https://www.wikidata.org) is a free and open knowledge base that contains many records of scholarly works.

> Wikidata can store metadata on records without any persistent identifiers, and thus can help Manubot users assign a stable identifier to works that otherwise would not have one (see [GH67](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/issues/67) and [GH86](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/pull/86)).

Reviewer: Clarify that Wikidata does have its own persistent identifiers, the records do not:
```suggestion
Wikidata can store metadata on records that do not have their own persistent identifiers, and thus can help Manubot users assign a stable identifier to works that otherwise would not have one (see [GH67](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/issues/67) and [GH86](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/pull/86)).
```

Try for example `manubot cite wikidata:Q50051684`.

> Manubot now uses Zotero's [translation-server](https://github.com/zotero/translation-server) infrastructure to provide metadata for wikidata, isbn, and url citations (see [GH70](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/issues/70) and [GH84](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/pull/84)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manubot now uses Zotero's [translation-server](https://github.com/zotero/translation-server) infrastructure to provide metadata for wikidata, ISBN, and URL citations (see [GH70](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/issues/70) and [GH84](https://github.com/greenelab/manubot/pull/84)).
```
